that's just the little teaser there so
Stan will come back and show you some of
another challenge in the game this is
one of the harder combat challenges so
the combat challenge this is a good
place for the really skilled players to
go once you've learned your Batman
skills you get into these challenges and
you have to take on do particular
takedowns to get the best times and
there's an online worldwide leader ball
to see if you can get the best time to
get your friends and a lot of those
things are sort of them they complement
each other so you have to do a
particular type of takedown if you make
too much noise you have to do a
different type of take you know it
stopped you being able to do other take
down so it really becomes like a
strategy games you'll decide on who to
pick off but not only who but how so it
brings in a whole new element and again
the hopefully you'll take it
affectionately some of us around the
office when we saw the video I think it
was you narrating the tagging up metal
taking people out I think we were
calling it a metal gear Batman yeah kind
of see what you mean I mean no the one
thing is you know that one thing I kind
of personally don't like that a lot of
stealth lenses you sort of play them a
lot and then you die a lot while you're
learning their patrol routes you feel
like it makes you feel really weak and
rubbish and it really just felt like it
seems like its total like whether they
travel my fire right and then like but
it doesn't really give you an excuse you
see that oh that didn't work now I know
the way that it work it doesn't feel
like it would be reward you for them
he's got you back to it was just like I
did it enough until I you know until I
want so with Batman we really wanted you
almost have you having a cheat you know
to move up in the rooftop and be i watch
these guys and study their behavior and
when we do the tests when we've got
people in to play the game you know we
get people who just sat there for ages
just watching and those guys never get
shot they never get checked out you know
so it's the more you kind of adopt back
genuine Batman tip tactics the more
successful you you'll be able to gain I
would argue cuz i have played a song
the more fun it is really actually yeah
yeah yeah we really wanted to reward you
okay like that you know that it's a big
element of it and the engineering thing
with this is correct me if I'm wrong
this is a combination of not only just
straight up striking but also counter
moves and throws right solutely yeah
yeah I mean one of the things we didn't
want to do with the combat was have just
a sort of normal weak weak strong combat
system and you've got to learn all these
different combos to get through the game
because to be honest in the game you'll
be doing some combat but then you'll be
doing lots of exploration and
puzzle-solving and detective and
forensics work so we needed a system
which you could kind of playing like a
staccato manner you know so you didn't
have to spend hours and hours learning
it you could jump right in but the
better you get at the figure combos you
can rack up so can see Stan can put off
some of the bigger moves and do the
longer combos and let you see that the
lovely context-sensitive counter moves
so if someone's kicking you from behind
Batman grabs his leg under his arm and
snacks it or perhaps the arm from over
the shoulder so you know there are
hundreds of different animations in
there going to rotate that move there
mixing that in let's see if you grew up
the damn pega and use it on
I captain so like there are lots of
different moves if you do you'll see as
well in floods they're scavengers so
they'll try and grab stuff from the
environment they'll get the gun cabinets
to pick out guns from the environment
and you can use your gadgets to stop
them lose the Batarang to stop them
thank you yeah so all right I'm gonna
throw us with questions in the audience
at you before I get in trouble cuz I'm
sure there's a ton of a mountain up
let's see what we got here I've got Nick
out of st. Louis starts it right off
with any differences between and I guess
we should start by saying what is this
going to be coming out for and when it's
out on 360 ps3 and pc and it's out to be
out of us 25th in the in us and always
28 and your clothes getting close what
about any differences between the three
platforms I mean the ps3 in terms of
like the main game story they're the
same the ps3 has the exclusive Joker
content so on day one you can download
BAM Joker and which is great and he's
different to play them back now I had a
much kind of dirty anastia for I had a
Batman has it gone as well when some
cool gadgets you can use our challenges
Eckford I've heard obviously about that
but I haven't had it I haven't seen that
I heard you showing at the booth right
really we're showing that off till it
had like distinctive dialogue for him
directly
you can choose where Batman will come on
and you know put you down battling and
you know yeah it's a totally different
tell you're taking on the ark and guards
instead of you know the other way around
so Daniel planning asked a very good
question is from Ireland he wants to
know when will the demo be released on
xbox live or PSN I've heard that
question before and we do have a demo
it's gonna be out on xbox live and PSN
and I don't know the exact date it's
going to be out to be honest and you
know it's not my decision unfortunately
that we do we are you have a lot of demo
and day where we believe it's a very
cool demo will give you a chance to see
all those main elements and what it is
to be about that there's a good question
Anthony Gail from Chicago must know how
large is the actual arkham asylum
because I'm worried about how much depth
the game than half of all of it is in
one building also will keep oh yeah what
some of them a game mechanics that you
have in there that's gonna keep people
coming back for more some of the secrets
and some of the other stuff that you
want unlock I mean it isn't just based
in of asylum the building it's based on
the whole island so you know anywhere on
the island so there's a lot of different
buildings in the asylum you have the
main intensive treatment which is a new
wing that they built to hold these kind
of super criminals and cos obviously
they keep having trouble with them
obviously not the most successful
building they've ever late it's the big
yeah you've got the classic mansion from
all the stories which has been
repurposed as the administration block
you've got the gardens there's a whole
characteristic catacombs underneath with
a bat cave got that Mansfield down there
so there are lots of different aspects
to explore and it is one persistent
location so basically the whole story
takes place there you can move anywhere
at any time there are over 240 different
secrets to find that riddle is set up
puzzles for you to Seoul lots of really
cool stuff a Riddler abuse him so a new
cameo so into any riddles you need to
find out what he's talking about to scan
that in so yeah it's a really different
kind of part of the game player real
cerebral part of the gameplay
now I know you obviously put in the the
cool and thank you by the way putting
the cool leaderboard mode where you can
actually see the difference between how
you and your friends doing in the
comments what was attempting to want to
do something and correct me if I'm wrong
with attempting the ones that do
something with online and multiplayer
beyond that yeah i mean i think there's
obviously lots of ways you can go with
that man i think one of the things with
him know that we really wanted to do is
do real justice to him as a character
and he's so multifaceted that if you're
going to realize you know this great and
a predator aspect combat aspect
detective aspect cerebral aspect of hims
like a logical aspect to him which is
really important and all of these brand
characters you know there's only so much
you can do we wanted to do all those
aspects justice so we yeah we focus all
our attention on those see if I got time
for more questions here at Magus Albert
unicycle
this is actually a good question to end
on manga is I'll burn out of Stockholm
do you had that if you had to quantify
you know we're seeing we're seeing all
kinds of different gameplay elements in
this receipt fighting we're seeing
adventure you know we've seen all kinds
of different stuff puzzle solving is
there any one thing that you would say
this game falls into is just straight-up
an action-adventure counter I think
that's really difficult because of who
Batman is and how multifaceted he is i
mean i think that sounds a bit corny but
the best way to describe it is it's a
batman genre you know it's everything
that Batman is I think there's a very
accurate description sir and I think you
both for coming by and you shud showing
off the game definitely one of the ones
i'm looking forward to as i'm sure a lot
of people are the most are coming out of
the show so thanks again for coming by
appreciate it look forward thanks
excellent demos in don't know appreciate
it right now we are moving on with our
programming here